"There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or mirror that reflects it." -Edith Wharton
“You do not find the happy life. You make it.” – Camilla Eyring Kimball
“The most wasted of days is one without laughter.” – E.E. Cummings
“Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.” – Hafez
“Make each day your masterpiece.” – John Wooden
“Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn’t know you left open.” – John Barrymore
“Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.” – Jim Rohn
“Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.” – Lindsey Vonn
“Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.” – Helen Keller
“Impossible is for the unwilling.” – John Keats
“No pressure, no diamonds.” – Thomas Carlyle
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.” – Truman Capote
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” – George Eliot
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” – Carol Burnett
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Stay foolish to stay sane.” – Maxime Lagacé
“Stay hungry. Stay foolish.” – Steve Jobs
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” – Abraham Lincoln
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Wherever you go, go with all your heart.” – Confucius
“Be faithful to that which exists within yourself.” – André Gide
“Dream big and dare to fail.” – Norman Vaughan
“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.” – Maya Angelou
“You are enough just as you are.” – Meghan Markle
“To be the best, you must be able to handle the worst.” – Wilson Kanadi
“No matter what you’re going through, there’s a light at the end of the tunnel.” – Demi Lovato
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” – Albert Einstein
“Every moment is a fresh beginning.” – T.S. Eliot 
“No guts, no story.” – Chris Brady
“Keep going. Be all in.” – Bryan Hutchinson
“Leave no stone unturned.” – Euripides
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says “I’m possible!” – Audrey Hepburn
“It isn’t where you came from. It’s where you’re going that counts.” – Ella Fitzgerald
“If it matters to you, you’ll find a way.” – Charlie Gilkey
“Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Dr. Robert Schuller
“Turn your wounds into wisdom.” – Oprah Winfrey
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” – Lao Tzu
“If you’re going through hell, keep going.” – Winston Churchill
“Don’t wait, the time will never be just right.” – Napoleon Hill
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got.” – Tim Cook
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” – Michael Altshuler
“Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” – Maya Angelou
“Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.” – Hazrat Inayat Khan
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.” – Isaac Asimov